com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$drawable: int backgroundimage
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$drawable: int header
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$drawable: int header2
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$drawable: int icon
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$drawable: int icon2
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$drawable: int icon3
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int AbsoluteLayout01
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int Button01
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int Button02
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int CheckBox01
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int CheckBox02
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int CheckBox03
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int CheckBox04
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int CheckBox05
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int CheckBox06
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int EditText01
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int RadioButton01
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int RadioButton03
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int RadioGroup01
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int TextView01
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int TextView03
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int button1
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int checkBox1
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int linearLayout1
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int password_edit
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int password_view
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int progressBar1
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int regButton1
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int score_table
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int textView1
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int username_edit
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$id: int username_view
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$layout: int app_upgrade
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$layout: int auth
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$layout: int block
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$layout: int main
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$layout: int main_new
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$layout: int pleasewait
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$layout: int pleasewait_new
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$layout: int tcpdump
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$raw: int lighttpd
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$raw: int lighttpdconf
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$raw: int mongoose
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$raw: int tcpdump
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int Authenticate
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int Register
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int Skip
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int about
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int app_name
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int app_name2
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int auth
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int autoUpdate
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int autoupdate
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int boot_normally
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int boot_normally2
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int boot_normally3
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int cancel
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int check_server
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int connecting
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int create_symlink
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int do_update
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int donate
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int download_install
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int emailAddress
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int error
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_remount_ro
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_remount_rw
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_revert
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_to_chmod
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_to_chown
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_to_cleanup
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_to_download
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_to_link
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_to_remove
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_to_replace
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_to_wipe_Block
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int failed_to_wipe_TCPdump
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int faq_help
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int good_to_go
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int good_to_go_more
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int hideDuplicates
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int localWebserver
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int need_update
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int need_update2
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int no_cat
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int no_cat_more
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int no_root
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int no_root_more
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int notif_detailed
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int notif_short
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int ok
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int out_of_date
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int passPhrase
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int please_wait
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int please_wait2
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int please_wait3
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int refreshList
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int revert
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int reverting
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int runTCPdump
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int seeBlockList
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int seeTCPdumpdata
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int showDuplicates
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int signin
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int skip_this
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int skip_update
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int something_bad
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int sponsored_by
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int success
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int success_more
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int symlink
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int too_old
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int unknown_system_partition
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int update_check_disabled
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int update_check_enabled
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int update_found
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int update_found_more
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int use_btc
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int use_custom
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int use_localhost
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int will_use_btc
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int will_use_custom
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int will_use_localhost
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int wipe_block
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int wipe_tcpdump
com.nikkdotcom.ByeAds.R$string: int wouldYouLikeTo
